2 On the third day there was a wedding in Cana of Galilee, and the mother of Jesus was there; 2 and both Jesus and His disciples were 
invited to the wedding. 3 When the wine ran out, the mother of Jesus  said to Him, “They have no wine.” 4 And Jesus said to her, “What 
business do you have with Me, woman? My hour has not yet come.” 5 His mother said to the servants, “Whatever He tells you, do it.” 6 Now 
there were six stone waterpots standing there for the Jewish custom of purification, containing [b]two or three measures each. 7 Jesus
said to them, “Fill the waterpots with water.” So they filled them up to the brim. 8 And He  said to them, “Draw some out now and take 
it to the [c]headwaiter.” And they took it to him. 9 Now when the headwaiter tasted the water which had become wine, and did not know 
where it came from (but the servants who had drawn the water knew), the headwaiter  called the groom, 10 and  said to him, “Every man 
serves the good wine first, and when the guests are drunk, then he serves the poorer wine; but you have kept the good wine until now.” 11 
This beginning of His signs Jesus did in Cana of Galilee, and revealed His glory; and His disciples believed in Him.
12 After this He went down to Capernaum, He and His mother, and His brothers and His disciples; and they stayed there a few days.
First Passover—Cleansing the Temple
13 The Passover of the Jews was near, and Jesus went up to Jerusalem. 14 And within the temple grounds He found those who were selling 
oxen, sheep, and doves, and the money changers seated at their tables. 15 And He made a whip of cords, and drove them all out of the 
temple area, with the sheep and the oxen; and He poured out the coins of the money changers and overturned their tables; 16 and to those
who were selling the doves He said, “Take these things away from here; stop making My Father’s house a place of business!” 17 His 
disciples remembered that it was written: “Zeal for Your house will consume me.” 18 The Jews then said to Him, “What sign do You show us
as your authority for doing these things?” 19 Jesus answered them, “Destroy this temple, and in three days I will raise it up.” 20 
The Jews then said, “It took forty-six years to build this temple, and yet You will raise it up in three days?” 21 But He was 
speaking about the temple of His body. 22 So when He was raised from the dead, His disciples remembered that He said this; and they 
believed the Scripture and the word which Jesus had spoken.
23 Now when He was in Jerusalem at the Passover, during the feast, many believed in His name as they observed His signs which He was 
doing. 24 But Jesus, on His part, was not entrusting Himself to them, because He knew all people, 25 and because He did not need anyone 
to testify about mankind, for He Himself knew what was in mankind.